Javier Lopez Software Developer 
(249) 979-0803 | javierl.1994@gmail.com | Sudbury, ON | Linkedin.com/in/javier-alberto-lopez-bonilla- 500012ba/ Professional SummaryAn always-learning software developer with over 8 years of progressive experience and a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering. Proficient with a variety of tools and technologies, including C#, ASP.NET, .NET 5.0, .NET MVC 5, REST Web API, .NET Core, Salesforce API, MS SQL Server, Entity Framework, Visual Studio 2019/2022, JetBrains Rider, Playwright, Angular 2+, ECMAScript6, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, GitHub, GitHub Copilot, Firebase, HTML, and CSS. Experience working with Agile methodologies like Scrum and Kanban as well. Work History .NET SOFTWARE ENGINEER at Telus Agriculture | Canada (May 2022 – Present): Build serverless services using C# .Net Core on Azure. Work in a product development process that is primarily Agile/Scrum. Develop and maintain APIs for internal and external use. Document new developments in Confluence and MD’s files. Unit and Integration testing. Maintain legacy applications. Build and deploy new developments. Develop websites using Angular 2+, HTML, CSS, SCSS. Create and maintain SQL store procedures and triggers. WEB DEVELOPER at Zero Variance | San Pedro Sula, Honduras (November 2018 – May 2022): Build back-end services and responsive web pages using C# .Net, Angular, and SQL. Work in a product development process that is primarily Agile/Scrum. Troubleshoot technical and web issues to solve problems quickly and efficiently. Test websites and perform troubleshooting prior to deployment. Integrate Salesforce services with existing websites. Implement RingCentral/Connect First services with custom APIs to store data in SQL databases. FREELANCE SOFTWARE DEVELOPER at Number8 / SkuVault | Louisville, Kentucky (July 2021 – March 2022): Completed Net Core API and back-end application development. Built and maintained e-commerce integrations. Completed Agile/Scrum development. Completed unit testing. Used Kibana to understand and detect issues. Built and deployed NuGet packages. SOFTWARE DEVELOPER at Aguas de San Pedro | San Pedro Sula, Honduras (November 2015 – November 2018): Developed software components, carried out integration and functionality tests, and established necessary modules for the implementation of information systems. Prepared and updated the documentation of the information systems according to the methodology of the software life cycle, as well as centralized the knowledge that included (documents, models, pieces of software, etc.) that served as support for the end users and technical reference to the members of the section in their charge. Projects API Integrations at Zero Variance (January 2020 – June 2020): Developed a REST API to communicate between Ring Central Dialer and Salesforce. When loading the call center agent's screen with a new call, the Ring Central Dialer made a request to the REST API to get the products from Salesforce. The REST API was responsible for retrieving the Salesforce products information and sending it back to the Ring Central Dialer. At the end of the call, the Ring Central Dialer made a request to the REST API to send the call's information.  The information was stored in a SQL database. I also had to develop web pages for basic administration features, such as creating and disabling agents. I was responsible for the architecture and design, 100% of the development, 100% of QA, 100% of DevOps. The technologies used for this project were C#, SQL, REST API, Angular 9, HTML, and CSS. Customer Dialer Access at Zero Variance (November 2018 – April 2019): Built a workflow so that the dialer administrators could manage the dialer's information with the client’s database. For example, when a new agent is created on the customer’s system, an access to the dialer will also be created. To keep the information in the reports updated, I created services so that the dialer could make requests with the information of the call and in this way be able to save it in the customer’s database. I also had to develop web pages for the call centers' supervisors to access and disable an agent's login information in the dialer. I was responsible for the architecture and design, 100% of the development, 100% of QA, 100% of DevOps. The technologies used for this project were C#, ASP.NET, and SQL. Cross-Platform Application at Aguas de San Pedro (June 2016 – October 2016): Created a cross-platform application so that clients could consult their account information whenever they wanted. Sections were added so that customers could learn about the projects that the company was carrying out in the community, see the contact information for Aguas de San Pedro, and send messages or feedback to Customer Service. I was responsible for the architecture and design, 100% of the development, 100% of QA, 100% of DevOps. The technologies used for this project were C#, JavaScript, ASP.NET, SQL, HTML, and Ionic. Education Computer Engineering | CEUTEC College (2012 – 2017) 